send the land to the ruler of the land
from Cielo to the wilderness to the
Mount of the daughter of Zion for it
shall be as a wandering bird thrown out
of the nest so shall be the daughters of
Moab at the Fords of the Arnon take
counsel execute judgment make your
shadow like the night in the middle of
the day hide the outcasts do not betray
him who escapes let my outcasts dwell
with you
o Moab be a shelter to them from the
face of the spoiler for the extortioner
is at an end
devastation ceases the oppressors are
consumed out of the land in mercy the
throne will be established and one will
sit on it in truth in the tabernacle of
David judging and seeking justice and
hastening righteousness we have heard of
the pride of Moab he is very proud of
his haughtiness and his pride and his
wrath but his lies shall not be so
therefore Moab shall wail for Moab every
one shall wail for the foundations of
career assess you Sol mourn surely they
are stricken for the fields of Heshbon
languish and the vine of Sigma the lords
of the nations have broken down its
joists plants which have reached to
Jay's ur and wandered through the
wilderness her branches are stretched
out they are gone over the sea therefore
I will be wailed a vine of Simha with
the weeping of Jays ur I will drench you
with my tears o hash bond and a liege
for battle-cries have fallen over your
summer fruits and your harvest gladness
is taken away and joy from the plentiful
field in the vineyards there will be no
singing nor will there be shouting no
traders will tread out wine in the
presses I have made there shouting cease
therefore my heart shall resound like a
harp for Moab and my inner being for
couriers and it shall come to pass when
it is seen that Moab is weary on the
high place that he will come to his
sanctuary to pray but he will not
prevail this is the word which the Lord
has spoken concerning Moab since that
time but now the Lord has spoken saying
within three years as the years of a
hired man the glory of Moab will be
despised with all that great multitude
and the remnant will be very small and
feeble
[Music]